improve scriptlets exception rules syntax (#427)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

**Examples**

1. Apply the `abort-on-property-read` scriptlet on all pages of `example.org` and its subdomains,

>    and passes one argument to it (`alert`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and pass it an (`alert`) argument:
```

  if not set, all scriptlets will not be applied;
- `arguments` — optional, a list of `string` arguments to match the same blocking rule and disable it.

**Examples**

> 1. Disable specific scriptlet rule so only `abort-on-property-read` will be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disable specific scriptlet rule so that only `abort-on-property-read` is applied
```

   only on `example.org` and its subdomains:

    ```adblock
    example.org,example.com#%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read", "alert")
    example.com#@%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read", "alert")
    ```

1. Disable all `abort-on-property-read` scriptlets for `example.com` and its subdomains:

    ```adblock
    example.org,example.com#%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read", "alert")
    example.com#@%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read")
    ```

> 1. Disable all scriptlets for `example.com` and its subdomains:

Reviewer: how is it different from this?

1. Disable all `abort-on-property-read` scriptlets for `example.com` and its subdomains:

    ```adblock
    example.org,example.com#%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read", "alert")
    example.com#@%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read")
    ```

Author: `#@%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read")` disable all (and only) _abort-on-property-read_ scriptlets, so other scriptlet won't be affected

`#@%#//scriptlet()` disables any scriptlet rule

    ```adblock
    example.org,example.com#%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read", "alert")
    example.com#@%#//scriptlet()
    ```

> 1. Apply `set-constant` and `set-cookie` on any webpage,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply `set-constant' and `set-cookie` to any web page,
```

>    but because of specific scriptlet exception rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   but due to special scriptlet exception rule
```

>    only `set-constant` scriptlet will be applied on `example.org` and its subdomains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   only the `set-constant` scriptlet will be applied on `example.org` and its subdomains:
```

    ```adblock
    #%#//scriptlet('set-constant', 'adList', 'emptyArr')
    #%#//scriptlet('set-cookie', 'accepted', 'true')
    example.org#@%#//scriptlet('set-cookie')
    ```

> 1. Apply `adjust-setInterval` on any webpage,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply `adjust-setInterval` to any web page
```

>    and `set-local-storage-item` on all pages of `example.com` and its subdomains,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and `set-local-storage-item` on `example.com` and its subdomains,
```

>    but there is also multiple scriptlet exception rule,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   but there are also multiple scriptlet exception rules,
```

Scriptlet rules are not supported by AdGuard Content Blocker.

> The full syntax of scriptlet exception rules is supported by AdGuard for Windows, AdGuard for Mac, and AdGuard for Android with [CoreLibs] v1.16 or later, and AdGuard Browser Extension for Chrome, Firefox and Edge with [TSUrlFilter] v3.0 or later. Previous versions only support scriptlet exception rules that disable specific scriptlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full syntax of scriptlet exception rules is supported by AdGuard for Windows, AdGuard for Mac, and AdGuard for Android with [CoreLibs] v1.16 or later, and AdGuard Browser Extension for Chrome, Firefox, and Edge with [TSUrlFilter] v3.0 or later. Previous versions only support exception rules that disable specific scriptlets.
```
